feat: default broadcaster and chain tracker (#67)
bitcoin-sv/ts-sdk: docs/examples/EXAMPLE_BUILDING_CUSTOM_TX_BROADCASTER.md

## Overview

> ⚠️ It's important to notice that SDK is already providing broadcaster implementation that communicates with What's on Chain service. This example is for educational purposes only.

Reviewer: Checking this is true... isn't the default ARC now?

> ⚠️ It's important to notice that SDK is already providing broadcaster implementation that communicates with What's on Chain service. This example is for educational purposes only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ It's important to notice that SDK is already providing broadcaster implementation that communicates with TAAL's ARC instance. This example is for educational purposes only.
```
